c:\users\uls\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EvaUs\EvaUs\bin\Debug\EvaUs.exe.config
c:\users\uls\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EvaUs\EvaUs\bin\Debug\EvaUs.exe
c:\users\uls\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EvaUs\EvaUs\bin\Debug\EvaUs.pdb
c:\users\uls\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EvaUs\EvaUs\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
c:\users\uls\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EvaUs\EvaUs\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\uls\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EvaUs\EvaUs\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
c:\users\uls\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EvaUs\EvaUs\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
c:\users\uls\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EvaUs\EvaUs\obj\Debug\EvaUs.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\uls\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EvaUs\EvaUs\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\uls\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EvaUs\EvaUs\obj\Debug\VentanaResultadoEvaluacion.g.cs
c:\users\uls\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EvaUs\EvaUs\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\uls\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EvaUs\EvaUs\obj\Debug\EvaUs_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\uls\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EvaUs\EvaUs\obj\Debug\EvaUs_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\uls\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EvaUs\EvaUs\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\uls\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EvaUs\EvaUs\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\uls\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EvaUs\EvaUs\obj\Debug\VentanaResultadoEvaluacion.baml
c:\users\uls\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EvaUs\EvaUs\obj\Debug\EvaUs.g.resources
c:\users\uls\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EvaUs\EvaUs\obj\Debug\EvaUs.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\uls\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EvaUs\EvaUs\obj\Debug\EvaUs.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\uls\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EvaUs\EvaUs\obj\Debug\EvaUs.exe
c:\users\uls\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EvaUs\EvaUs\obj\Debug\EvaUs.pdb
